https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-7660 Updating FIPS statement, issue reopened (#5603)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/fips_readiness.adoc

FIPS readiness has been completed for {product-title}. 

> {ocp} is designed for FIPS. When running on Red Hat Enterprise Linux or Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS booted in FIPS mode, {ocp-short} core components use the Red Hat Enterprise Linux cryptographic libraries submitted to NIST for FIPS Validation on only the x86_64, ppc64le, and s390X architectures. For more information about the NIST validation program, see link:https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/validated-modules[Cryptographic Module Validation Program]. For the latest NIST status for the individual versions of the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted for validation, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/2918071#fips-140-2-and-fips-140-3-2[Compliance Activities and Government Standards].

Reviewer: We should not list the FIPS architectures supported because I think that changed in the different versions of OpenShift we support.  For architecture support for FIPS in OpenShift, you really need to go to the OpenShift docs and not try to list that here.

Author: Thanks for your feedback @gparvin I suggest the following. I will also mention you in the issue with the suggestion. There is a request to document the statement verbatim 
```suggestion
{ocp} is designed for FIPS. When running on Red Hat Enterprise Linux or Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS booted in FIPS mode, {ocp-short} core components use the Red Hat Enterprise Linux cryptographic libraries submitted to NIST for FIPS Validation on only the architectures supported by {ocp-short}. For more information about the NIST validation program, see link:https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/validated-modules[Cryptographic Module Validation Program]. For the latest NIST status for the individual versions of the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted for validation, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/2918071#fips-140-2-and-fips-140-3-2[Compliance Activities and Government Standards].
```

Author: @gparvin it seems like the limitations section of this file should be updated as well: 

"{ocp} only supports FIPS on the `x86_64` architecture."

Reviewer 2: @dockerymick @gparvin We had a request to use the language verbatim as provided in the ticket. That said, I've reached out to see if Gus' concern is valid and if that necessitates a language change. I'll keep you posted in the ticket. Apologies for the back and forth here.

Reviewer 3: FIPS support for P&Z were added in OCP 4.12. This wording is for 4.14 and 4.13 as well.

Author: @gparvin based on the meeting yesterday, you confirmed that you were fine listing the architectures for 2.9, but do not want us to list the architectures in 2.8 and 2.7 bc they have not been tested

Reviewer: 2.8 and 2.7 do not support the architecture list you are adding to the 2.9 doc.  The architectures are ok for 2.9 and newer.
